Okay, thanks. Hello hi N. Hi hi good evening. Good evening. You just start this interview in one minute. Sure, no problem, no problem. I'm doing this set one minute.. Hi, Ravi. Hi, hi. Hi, my name is Rohit. Okay, I' taking your level to interview. Sure. I will just take a snapshot as a part of this process. Okay. and then we will start. done. Okay. Then you'll start to begin with, you can tell me about yourself about the projects that you're working and your text. I'm interested in that and then we continue. Sure. So I'm Joshi. So I have roughly four years of experience in Dnetnet. So I'm currently associated with USN. It's a pro based company from US. We are currently have products for advisors in US who work on stock market, so we provide them with their trading platforms and I am associating with the trading platform. So one of reason work, I have to take initiative and I work on VAS for trading dashboard piece. The company is old company, it's been around for 20 years, so it was using a legacy page Legacy SCPX page for the trading. So we had entT quries and everything from the same page. We don't we didn't have any proper decorit architectural back end. It wasn't all working. And it was a bit laggy and we had a requirement to improve the p. And so we did the research and we did planning and everything and we implemented the new page with a Donut Corps backend with the Rush APIs if the SQ has the database and react as the frank end. So I was associated with the project and we have happily released the pro as well. So that's one. And what was what was your wrong in that? What are the compcies? The migration? So tell me about your what specifically you did? Sure. So for the controllers and for the services for the page, I implemented the base structure and the controllers as well and the services, it would beommicating with the internal API. We have we have a Microservice-based architecture. So earlier, it was directly connected from the ASPP itself. But right now we have moved it and no, it was already moved. We just connected it correctly with the microsophic architecture as well. And so the database we did a research about the data DVT was responsible for so properly saying I would be I was responsible for the dnet side of the migration. Yeah, back inside, back inside.. So you said you arct decor, right? So what are the principles you followed for having a decoping architecture? So, like we we didn't follow like we were based on based on solid principles more like so that was our concept behind how to do this. That's the perfect way to build the best scable solution. So so that's the way we did it. So so we used a dependency insection for the services, like from the builder services in the main program itself. And then we could like use it accordingly according to the scope. And for the controllers and for the other classes, we used to photos single responsibility principal. And what we tried to achieve with single responsibility principle would be. We were trying to isolate the responsibilities rather than even if even if the glass fails, it would be only affected there. rather than having a goat glass, which you could have numerousous number of responsibilities, we would have a simple fl class. So that was the first principle, single responsibility principle.. So in your project, what was any example can you give me from your project it was not following a single responsibility principle and then you implemented it? Like we were trying to build it always from the sc like we we didn't have any backing. So what we tried to follow is like, so from the Microso, we would be getting the data, like a lot of data rather than we are calling multiple times, we would be getting all the data in a single time. So using it, we would map it to separate, separate classes with have its own for example, I would say, we have swab based and we have fility-based our homes. So, like all of this may have like common properties. I would say like, then we would be maintaining upside classes, which would like view would inherit from there. And maybe Swab has some specific accounts for specific behavior. We would use that specific behavior for that single class, and inherit that the other from the parent acoms. Yeah. So that's how we we have a distinction between shabons and figityia accounts. So So that way we could like isolate shab in one particular class or one particular entity, whereas we could do the same for the fidelity as well. So that's how. So tell me one specific behavior of your fertility component? What was the specific behavior? So rather than specific behavior, fidity would be calling fidity API like for the proper functioning, it should be calling fidity API. Okay, and fidity APSs require its own parameters so it's own they authentication. Like Fidity and swab would be like external providers for our for our product. We would be facing in data from there, okay? Okay. So in that case, like we need to have its own earth toens or as like other authenticationages, we would be using it. And it would be totally different for both of these. So those properties, we could use like with a specific simple classes, like rather than having a simple, like rather than having a global class or goal go class, like for acons, we could just separate those responsibilities. That's what I was trying to say. I hope you understood Understood that's fine okay other than this, so you talked about solid sports, right? So you expl SRB. Now, what are the other things in solid principles? Can you explain one they want? Yeah. So the next one would be open glves Principle. So open principle, it's suggesting. It's trying to enforce polymorphism within within our architecture. So it's just that it should be any software entity should be open for extension and close for modification. So with the help, like with the glasses or with the methods. So with anything, we would be trying to like inherit the properties, like it is trying to improve the extensibility of the cord and making the cord more modular. Yeah, like what this property is trying to do is it's trying to implement podymorphism within the architecture. That's the simplest definition for openl principle, okay? Yeah. And the next principle will be list of substitution principle, just like Aubentross's principle, it is trying to implement it is trying to implement a safe polmorphism and trying to have a predictable behavior and the v the principle say is like the child classes should be easily substitutable from the parent classes and it shouldn't affect the behavior. So what this principle or what this is trying to do is like consider the same scenario. We have a like subclass suborn class underab. Okay, if this particular class has some operations, some subclass has some operations, then it is substitutable to the parent class, and it shouldn't throw any kind of exception, but it should follow the same behavior just as the apparent class. So what we are trying to do is simply trying to make the spymoria of some behavior safe within the code and with the help of that, if the code is much much more extensible, much more scal, and that's the benefit of this principle. And the next principle would be interface aggregation principle. Yeah. So simply interversegregation, principle, what we are trying to face, we would be making the interfaces much, much, much smaller because interfaces are kind of trying to make a contract for the behavior. like and the interfaces shouldn't force any clients, like it shouldn't force any met to do this or do that. So if we have just making a simple example, so if we have some living organisms and we have we have different properties for their living orgasms, like walking, talking. And all these behaviors can be made into behaviors can be called it into an interface and then we can like private to derive that property or try that derive that behavior from that class rather than making it directly within the class. So what's the benefit of this is that if you are trying to make a big interface and we have numerous number of behaviors or numerous number of dependencies, maybe the class class or object we are trying to implement using inheriting from this interf.face may have unwanted dependencies. So what we can do is like, if we are having smaller dependencies just with the same behavior, just with the required behavior, then we could remove unwanted dependencies and make the code much more scalable. Or as we would have some dependency issues later on in the code, like while we are trying to like progress during development. The mainabilityility also would be in a hassle. And the final one. So in this, whatever you explain, so if you have to ask, what would be the difference between the interface segregation and single responsibility principle? Because both talks about having a specific role, right? So how will you if I have to ask, then what would be the difference between single responsibility princip then I? So, yeah. single responsibility principally, we are focusing on creating a class.. Whereas in interface aggregation principle, we do have a class. We are trying to inherit the behavior only from them. So what we are trying to do is like, rather than forcing the class to have all the behaviors, we are trying to inherit a specific behavior. So we are talking about about single responsibility and interface aggregation, right? Yes. Yeah. So rather than forcing the class to have numerous type of behaviors or numerous methods, we would only need we can have numerous methods, but it's better to have separate interfaces for each of these methods. So that's the thing. And for single responsibility principle, what we are trying to do is like if there is a class, then it should only have a single responsibility. Like, am I making sense? I'm understanding. I'm understanding. is based onational the other one is based on behavioral. That's of what I'm. And which one is behavioral? Behavioral is for the integationface aggregation. And what the one is dependency inversion principle. I was thinking about the interface segregation, no problem. So we'll go with dependenceversion. Yeah. So independenceversion, what we are trying to do is like, rather than like trying to implement from the concrete implementations, we are trying to focus on the abstractions. So what's the benefit of this is like, we are trying to improve the, like we are trying to make the code less coupled, like more we won't be able to scale much with the help of tightly with a tightly coupled code, whereas we are trying to implement dependency inversion principle, we would be we would be trying to make the architecture decoupled and we are also able to maintain the code much more better. We are able to improve the testability of the code. So one example I would say would be when we are trying to pass a list of objects, usually we try to do it with the interface like inumerable so what what we are trying to do is like it would be able to take up any type of object because of the I innumerable interet. And this is an example of like trying to use a interface rather than using a implementation or a complete implementation. So this is one example and within DNnet we are using dependency injection. So how do we do that? So rather than creating a new class within a class, we are trying to inject the darkly into the class. So what's the benefit here? We are not having the responsibility. If the code, if the service of the injected service is going to change, we need not bother about that. It would work finally if it's directly injected, but whereas in case of it's created as a new object, we would be bothered about the like how it would be like implemented. So with the help of this abstraction, we are able to make the code much more decable. So these are the five principles which we will follow. example, likely said, that rather than passing a concrete object passing an interface makes the dec So what we are trying to do is like, we need not, rather than forcing the method of forcing anything to use the concrete implementation, we can follow, we can use the interface and these interfaces, the concrete implementation would be extending from these interfaces. So what will be the problem? If I pass a concrete and use the concrete implementation, what are? So next time when we are editing we' editing the concrete implementation, we are trying to pass in a new behavior, new service or something with the concrete implementation, we should make this there would be a r rundown type of changes to all the places where this is being created as an object. So I have a And there I amm passing their contrete out. Okay. Okay. And then class is a responsibility to get a name. And assume that which has a responsibility to get a name is as a concrete object Okay, okay. Then you understood now. So I have a class which is taking input input is coming as a concrete object. What as a abstract abstract. Then what what is the problem you will here? In that scenario, it's just a simple object, right? Like simply implementation. I'm not sure about what would be the difference in that scenario. But what I was trying to convey was like, if you are having a big class or a big object and these may have its own like its own services depend like it would be dependent on it's on other services. Okay, if we need to call this one from another one, we need to have all the services within the same, like it's kind of making the code like much more tightly covered. What I'm trying to say is like the dependencies and everything everything would try to increase in a last scale. So rather than that, if you are allowing to use a simple abstraction over the concrete implementation, the C and we are using dependency injection, with the help of this dependency injection during run time, it would be able to figure out which class or which implementation it should be using. Okay? So that's my understanding of that. I'm not sure about how how flexibility interface. I get flex do I get?? You would use any implementation for the any implementation which which inherits from that interface abstraction so what benefit do you get? So with that you get some benefit, right? That's what I'm. It's more asking me about a concept are using an interface, you get some benefit, right rather than passing a concret you are saying, you getting a benefit your benefit is what like tomorrow if my implementation changes, my class will not change that is the benefit, right? That's why you are passing as Yes, yes. Yeah, we could. Yeah, that makes sense. So what I'm trying to say is like, so let's come to the same example, I's fidity. So both the Shab and fidelity should ideally work in the same way. But we need not care about the implementation. So we could use the abstraction and pass in maybe the same thing. And maybe next time we would have N of us or something other custodian. Okay, we could implement the custodian with the same service and it would work fine. And yeah, the code and the program need not need to know which implementation it should implement. rather, it should just check the abstraction. I couldn't name the property, but that's a conference.cept. Okay, okay. So other than this, so now we'll go to a little bit talk about also. So tell me what are the pillars and what are what is your understanding about all the o' concepts? Yeah. Oops, that's the basics, like all of like with this all princip also we are trying to implement oops itself. So we have inheritance, we have abstraction, we have encapsulation and we have polymmorphism. All three, all the So what you do is you can share your screen. Sure, sure, sure. And write an example which can show me that where you are understood encapsulation. Sure, I'll just. Small program. I am not looking for the syntax at all. It's. I'm really looking for the concert. Can I just use D video? Anything is it's up to you. Can use Notad whatever you want? I'll just the sign class. you wanted to know about encapsulation, right? Correct. Yeah. So we do have we do have a public class. So I think there is a problem. on my side, I don't know Should I share again? you can share what I' not to see I' to see it is blurry, okay you write the code, you can also keep on explaining so that I understand what you. Sure, sure, sure, sure. So right now I have written a class, just a single class. Did you it? I'm not saying anything. I just shared it right now. I'll just share again. Sorry one minute. like I'm clicking the share button, but nothing's ugly. Can I just reload? I'm not sure if it will exit the volume. sorry sorry. I was trying to No problem. Is it visible now? I can say yes. Okay, okay. Yeah, so we do have a public class animal and let's say we have some public strange. I'm just making type type of animal and we have gu and setter properties. let's make it bang a comb make it sense bang a stream a core number. And it should have an internal ID, internal ID. And what we are trying to do is like like we would be it would be able to get any time, but it should be only like set during the initial trying to initialize the during with a constructor or anything and let's have public float bag balance and here what we will try to do is like it should be on it should be easily accessibleas it shouldn't be able to be accessible to any other classes. So let's make it protected so that even the class is inheriting from the this class number from the bank account would be able to make it one minute Okay, yeah. Yeah, a protected would be able to get this thing. So what we just did is a simple example of encapsulation. So we have we have a c number and this account number, we could write the other allergics, like maybe some validation, maybe here we have written in such a way that the internal ID should be only like set during with the help of constructor with the help of a constructctor. So I'll just write a constructctor also a account with passing a c number a number internal IED and IED and a balance opening balance okay Okay. Okay, so so this will be food. Okay, so here we will go on a number equal to ACC okay and in general ID equal to ID okay and balance balance equal. Balance. Okay. Sure. So, let me just define a mean. Okay. N, can you take this to a notep? Because I think browser is getting refreshed and I am not able to see. It is very blurry, not able to be anything. No, no problem. Take it in a Okay, let me take one. Is it fine now? Is it fine? No? Still not visible. Is it a screen issue? Should I just copy copyation in the team set?, maybe you can do that. It was not, there was no issues last time in the cold. Not sure. I am in office actually connected in my phone let me go in the meantime, you can face to share screen, okay. It's the same problem, but it's fine. I can understand in the chat. What we try to do is like get with the help of this. We are trying to implement a validation or try to see convert like we can do other properties as well. Like we can do some validation for a code number or anything. Okay? I just made a simple example where we would be only able to like set the internal ID with the help of this constructor. If we are having a mean method, we won't be able to do that. We won't be able to fit with the any other. It would be only set during the constructor, like after in it, it would be a really only value. after the objectiveation initiation No, but you can still set it through your property Sorry? I'm still Yeah, yes. I was just saying about the internal ID only balance, yes, this would be able to the protected with the inherited trust and if you are setting it private, we won't be able to and we may not mention if it's public because it's just the same. Get set. this property outside. I want to make you want to set it from outside. Just make the test set. That's one way.. Let me think is there. So I'll tell you example, you make this public internal Private in. I' Isabel now. is problem. I don't is not visible.. I just telling you what to do you can tell me. So you made this. Okay, I can read it. It's veryring. I'm sorry. Okay, it's fine. fine, but now you have a private property, right? private in okay and maybe you don't don't have the sense of property as you it is so it is not a property, so you don't have data. It is a. Yeah. Okay. And now you want to set this available from outside.. What changes will you make in your book? So if you don't have a Gran set, okay? In that scenario, this is a field, I guess. I' a field? Yeah. So we can we could set it just like this in the constructor, you will set it. That's what you're saying. Yeah, that's a valid approach, yes. Other than that you set it in the construction requirement is that you have a bank there is a HR system is entity class so your HR system wants to the internal ID or a bank account number. Thank you. Okay. So HR system wants to do internal ID. a bank. We need to have a separate method for that. we can't directly like this won't be accidentally with the dot or anything. So we need to have a separate function for that with we could pass the HR class or something and then we can make the edits within this function and this function can be called outside in the main and then we could be anything okay got it thank you okay so this isations. Explain about. So do you know the difference between abstar classes and interfaces? Yeah. So tell me situations when you will use and when you will use interfaces. Okay. We will take the shab and fid. Yeah. So both of them are racons, okay? And they would have its own accord number, its own internal ID or its own balance or something or something. Okay. And there would be some methods which the like for an accorn, we should have get deposit make deposit, okay? But for shab and fidility, it might be totally different. So we could have an abstract method defined so that any class classes, like shab or fidity, which is derived from an abstract method, is forced to implement those in their own way. Like we are not concentrating about the behavior, but no matter what, if we are inheriting from an upside class and there's an abstract method, you should be like defining it. Okay? That's that's one thing. And we can have. Can I can I define abstract method in a non abstract? No. No. Shut up. Yeah. Okay. Good, good. Yeah, you? Yeah, I was just thinking again. Is there any way? I don't think so. So. So you will get. So why do you think we can't. I mean, basically declare abstractstruct. So, what I was trying to think is like the functionality of an abstract class is to provide the functional of an up class is to provide a base structure rather than making it initially exable class like. We can have an upset classes in account, but it's not initiable and it is used in places where there are any common similarities or common behavior or there is a relationship between two classes. So if we are having different accounts, we could use this. I use that, but and we are trying to force it force an implementation for an abstract method. I'm just speaking about abstract method and we could have a shared state in between them. Like we could have other methods, not my methods, concrete methods. We could have any type of methods, but what the crux of abstract is abstract classes, we should be defining it from the it's more like a parent class, which we can derive it from properties and it should be related and let's go to interface. So what interface is trying to do is say like it's not trying to impactlement or make a relationship between two or more classes which have similar behavior if we have two different classes and we need to have a blueprint, like we need to have a like behavioravioral contract for behaviors. So in that lace, we would be using inheritance. So interface, we will be using interface in that kitchen in action.ario and we would be using upside glasses in the scenario where we need to be like having a child classes and all these side glasses would be inheriting from the same pants and these would have a similar relation. And there is one more difference. And in interface, we wouldn't be able to right now, I guess with the new sab we would be able to like with new run, we would be able to have a default implementation for interfaces. That's possible right now, but even in that case, we need to cast the object into the type of the interface in order to call this default interface meth films. I hope I cleared what I see, Iood.. do you see any problem with this kind of structure? There's a kind of a circular dependency, it seems. Okay, to solve Can I just ask you, I'll just make it some assumptions. So maybe class A have some name, okay? name and age, and whereas class B has some some other properties like role number and marks, okay? And are we having a scenario in such a way that class A is trying to inherit class B and class B is trying to be in.. Bert. A to provide some function, B also some properties, information from class to provide some behavior. Okay. Got it? Okay. So this is finario where we could use upst classes. Like, so we need, we are saying, we are saying, we need some properties from here and that would be used for the for the needs of class B. And whereas class B needs some from class BA and we may have other properties as well. So let's make a class new class for maybe superclass something. And this class superclass would have all the necessary details for creation of class E and creation of class B. you need things which are in common, right? Yeah. If there is something common meaning help, the type has to be same, right? So here, class A and class B are different types. You're getting inrit from a tiger, right? It is the hy. Okay. B, for example. Okay. B provides some class use toide some formality. Similarly can provide some information use. Okay. see it to solve So how do you sound cycling independences, basically? I actually, I couldn't completely understand like like how this would be cyc. Like I got the concept, but and yeah, the question also I'm not sure. cycling dependency cyc depress.ency generally, what is directly go because it can happen that these types are you not directly creating classes abstractions, there has to be some other way. I'm not sure if we can have a. Class can still depend on, but will have to write so that we break the cycle in such class what changes event you do in this classroom and given you in the class sav still depend on classroom. It's easy. I think you're thinking complicated. It's very. See, for breaking so example in this diagram is you, what will you do to break theotency? I have removed going from class A to class I have remove that.ency will be right there is a one correct? Yes. So now you have to you. Yeah. otherwise my class In that case, can we have another class like use that class in between class A class B is that the correct approach of doing that? introduced another class class depends on is on what you will class contain? Yeah it's more like in middle of that arrow arrow we would be injecting like we would be having class C. So So it makes a like. No, see, as you can you share your screen? Yes. Okay. Come on, man. You take this thing? Sure, I have some MS pain or somewhere you take this Is it visible now? Yeah.. Okay, let's assume AB and C. This was this is AB and CC. Okay. Earlier the connection was like this. So now you make the connection now based on your understanding the connections. We still make their connection. It's like this point this way Okay, this is fine. This is fine. And here we earlier had a connection like this. pointing. So there that will be moving here. Yes. Okay. So right now, we still need behaviors of this B. Okay. Now we need veer from A2C, right? Yeah, then only we will be depended. Yes, like we would use in this in such a you will not do that. You can also out that we need that also could be car out to then you don't need that's how you bring the cycling toency correct Yeah. You will take is required from to class. Yeah, so we need not depend you, you will you will car is required to you move to C. Oh, yes. Yes, yes. Now I got it, yeah. Okay. It's more like we are trying to take the property from here. That depends on to move it to C in a such a way that we need not like depend on B anymore, right? Yes. Yes. you get some overhead meaning you may have to complicate. Yes, yes, yes. But that's fine. When you do the scient dependency, that's all you have to. The goal to the goal was to remove the cyclic dependency, right? Yes. Yes, yes. Correct. Yeah.. Okay, then we will discuss about error handling, so do you do also error handling Yes, yes. We already had a hand in the we already had a repo and the handling wastered done with the same like it was a Micros. We were trying to like use the same again and that's it. We did't. We didn't define any custom exceptions, but we use the same thing. what do Yeah. So there might be scenarios where my view might be like depending on some network, also some other external APS, just as I said, and there would be scenarios where the website both things will be working. There might be having a maintenance or something and in that scenarioos, we would be having a like an exception or something from their side and the API going to be in that scenario, we need to like figure it out. No, exception, we can't call that an exception. So there might be under scenarios where the program might have some unexpected behaviors, maybe during some like concurrent operations or something. There would be some exceptions getting thrawn. And in that scenario, we need to handle the behavior in such a way that it is correctly handled and we do have the video. what I can tell you. P what is we would be using scenarios where we would be would be done after the all the try and cast is done like before returning it, the finally would be executed and normally, I mean this try-andCA scenarios, we would be putting up some unmanaged resources that might not be properly cleaned up. So within this finally, we could be, we can use using, yeah, but we could do another cleanup operations can be placed in the final so that no matter it is cast or not, it the finally blocked would be executed. So that's the made of finally, and it would happen before the return. So let's assume we have cast something and so then we'll return it back or we'll throw it. But before that, the finally blow would execute and thenrolled flow would be passed.. And are you used to using custom exceptions or you only using the? We did have custom exceptions, but that's we didn't properly use it, but I know how it works. So we could write a custom exception and we could also write it on a wallet. We might have some business exceptions, business logic exceptions. In scenarios like extra when we are depending upon an external IPPI or something. And in that scenario, we could like like make a custom exception and in the t-Cats, we could use the most specific we we might know what exceptions would be thrown for this specific API or this network or something then we could, but it might not be the proper like every time it would be not be the same exceptions. So we would make the custom exceptions of the specific exception, which we know would be more probable. We would place it at the gas blocks higher up and uh it would be more like we would place it specific ones on the top and it would be more generalized as we go down. And we could place these custom exceptions on top of that. So And how do you write a We need to have a class, but I not able to remember that but I also remember the. I amm not able to remember. Yeah, actually, I have seen it was written, but not for my specific project, I couldn't write it because we already used the old custom session, which are already written. So also, I know that we would be able to finish the artata out. So even if we have some exceptions and when we would have some results from the APIs and we would finish it out in such a way that if this result is found out, if this value is being given on this is emitted out, we would have some custom like filtering also done on the top of this customch. It's also possible on top of normal exceptions as well. We could do the filtering. and delegates, yes. So you have Not theory knowledge. I have tried to implement it as a part of improving my knowledge in broad. I haven't seen it in anywhere in production vs, but I know how it works like in my project, I couldn't see it but I know how it works internally as well and how it behaves. Like what we are trying to do with the help of our delegates. So let me explain. It's fine.. So what we are trying to do with the help of delegates is like it's a types safefe poininder to a function. Okay? And so let's say is more small class and we could define a delegate, okay delegate as a and then we could in the delegate, we could pass like the parameters and stuff and just define it again. And within the class, maybe, let's else assume we have a ber cone class itself. And in the banger bone, we would be having ad- deposit. Okay, in that side, a time, we do also have a delegate just then delegate defined. And during the withdrawal deposit operations, we would be just passing in the Accond also within this delegate itself okay in the way, right? Like delegate.invoke and then we would be passing the values. So what happens is like in the main program, we would be able to like either the behavior or passing like a function. We are passing in the utters or the reference of this pointer to this delegate, okay so during run time, we are trying to change the behavior. And there is another behavior also. We are like multicast delegates where we would be just like increment not incrementing plus equals to and providing in and the behaviors as well. And all these behaviors would be done why the deposit will withdraw operation is performed because we have written it in invoke inside that right so these properties could be like, should I show some conne example? No, no, I'm able to understand. Also. Yeah. So that's the thing. But we have specific delegates already written. So rather than writing in delegates, we could use action, function, and Fuency, and predicate the difference What are the difference between the three? Yeah. The difference what I'm trying to say is like actions it need not have any output. It can be void. Let's time is not there. Yeah. written time is not there. Yeah, so sorry, I was not trying to say void, but written I was not not there. I understood. Yeah. Yeah. So and for pred function, it would have a number of inputs and number of not a number of outputs, but we can have outputs. We can have output. Okay. And in case of predicate, we would be passing in some bullian values as output okay and where do we use it? So assume we have a burn and we need to check. We have a we have different types of acon and we need to have some low balance check but maybe for like for business accounts, it's different. A personal account is different. We can define that during run time with the help of these rgades so then what are these events? It's more like we are trying to like protect the delegates. So there might be scenarios if you are trying to pass in some nar values, okay? And if in that scenario, the whole delegation will. But rather than having this scenario, we could have a simpler implementation of the same behavior. Okay, let's assume we have the same behavior where we will show this like accon balance or something in the help of delegates. Okay, we could make it convert it into like wrap it into an event and then in the main program or somewhere, we would subscribe to it. So any changes made to it, we would be and it won't be destroyed so and one more thing I could remember is like so while we most probably, I face the same thing. So while I'm trying to I was trying to practice this or implement this, if we are trying to just do dot inin, then it's more like we don't know if if this object has been created. So in that scenario we would most probably use maybe some event, publisher event, just for the sake of cy nar and then we would be passing it dinwork. I hope. When does this object? what you saying. So when does this? It's created during the like we have defined it in the class. Okay. It would be created during the time of like initiation of this class. What I was trying to say is like or else if you are not using that operator, it might throw comp, what I have a class isonsible for firing. Yes. Okay. So then you have let's say you have a publisher, let's name it as publisher. And you said that you before, you publisher, narator which is not. I' when this publisher would be created will it will it be null and when it will be null When will it be null?, let me just think. So, when you subscribe an event, then will opt is created. If there is no subscription, then there will be, it will be.. So when you do blessing on, right on that publisher. And then only the object of that event get created. Otherwise it be. If you don't have subscribers. I remember. Yes, yes, I remember. Like I faced a similar issue when I was trying to do. Equ Yeah, then I couldn't run it. It was showing some error. Then I tried to use like subscribing, like equal to then it worked. I didn't. Then my last question and then because it solid hour. So inate framework, which framework you using Micros Microsoft be used at Dort time and you started all in the Micros only in the mic Are you garbage?inate? Can you?ory is trying to do is like it is trying to reclaim the memory which are not being used right now. So every time an object is created, like we have some allocations made and there might be, like if the memory resources are very low, then there might be scenarios where we couldn't like we won't be like the garbage culture would be pressured to create in new spaces, new memory spaces. So I in that time, the garbage, whenever like this, it is created, it is moved to there are different generations. Okay, Generation 1, generation 2, and generation generation zero, zero Generation and Generation 3. And every time a news is created, is placed on the generation zero And more probably it would be clear because it is a very short lifetime. But after a cycle, if it is still perseverving in the generation zero, then it would be moved to generation one and same way we would be moving into generation to as well. And every time, every during every cycle, the garbagector is trying to do it is called a mark and sweep algorithm. Whenever it's being used, it is being whenever it is not used, it is marked and after every cycle, the marked locations would be seeped out. That's How does it find whether it is used or not? I have a variable. How does that it is used or not used? So let's say if it is in a four each loop, okay we have defined this variable in the inside a 4 each loop and after the scope, the memor might be still pointing to the like the arus and read might be be consumed okay but right now, in the outside the scope of this for loop, we need not have the memory being occupied and if there is a pressure or if there is a requirement for memory, then we can just release it in release it. So that's how it's being checked. Okay. Yeah. That's is it like when does the car execute? Is it at some predefined time like every two hours it will learn or when it starts flying? I don't think it's it's based on a periodic time, but rather it's based on like the requirements for the system, and it is most most probably most ag areas it would be done automatically. we need not do that explicitly. We are able to do it explicitly with the albums GC collect, but we may not do that because it works fine. Like it's most efficiently done right now. So And if in scenarios, we are confused, like we are using some unmanaged resources or some network calls or some input out robberation or or file reading or something, okay? There might be consumed consumption of this. One method is we can use iisposable class and iisposable class already has this disposed function where which we will be using then to further this so I have implemented a method releasingources like something is it is who responsibility to call the dispos so we could define it in the finalizer that's possible, but we need not we there is no need of explicit explicit call if in case it is like inherited from eye disposible's the right have disposable method and you are some of the unes. There has to be somebody in that full setup of framework, which will call my displayposed method then only that method will be called and it is responsibility we are able to call. So the sc would be like, it's more like a finalizer, it's more like a constructed with operator, that's a syndax, but distructive. That last interesting. Yeah, and like, it is done during the, like after the scope of the object or class. do you define distructors often? No, no.? There, right? That's. What is the problem? Okay, my understanding was it was implicitly being called every time like finalizers would be called a distraction and it's already been like a base collection properly. So I was of that assumption. is not a responsibility to call the disposed method. is your method, right? it's. I think we' on the time. Then we the interview. It was very nice talking to you. Yeah, same scene. Thank you. It was a greatunity. Thank you. Thank you. Bye..


how was this interview give me anlysis and what do you feeel